Remove most instances of "Please" (#1076)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/upload-custom-plugins-bundles.md

}'
```

> See [Extensions API reference](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/cloud/group/endpoint-extensions) for the complete set of HTTP methods and payloads.

Reviewer: Per [accessibility guidelines](https://docs.elastic.dev/tech-writing-guidelines/accessibility), `see` can be an ableist term. 
```suggestion
Refer to [Extensions API reference](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/cloud/group/endpoint-extensions) for the complete set of HTTP methods and payloads.
```
